---
title: "2021-08-29 check-in"
excerpt: "Daily log - "
toc: true
toc_sticky: true
published: true
header:
  # teaser: /assets/images/2021/08/27/python.jpeg
  # image: /assets/images/2021/02/06/soft_skills_v2.jpeg
  # caption: "Photo by [Hitesh Choudhary](https://unsplash.com/@hiteshchoudhary?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/s/photos/python?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText)"
  
  # og_image: /assets/images/2021/02/06/soft_skills_v2.jpeg
layout: single
# classes: wide
word-wrap: break-word;
categories:
    - log
tags:
    - log
last_modified_at: 2021-08-29T08:06:00-05:00
---

# Algorithm 
- [Reverse Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-integer/)
  * stack
- [Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/)
  * stack

# Kafka
Understand some terms in Kafka. A message is a data unit in Kafka. The broker manages many core functions. The producer creates messages and the messages are kept by topics. Topics can be partitioned. Synchronous and Asynchronous options are possible. For the asynchronous, the consumer needs to send an ack to a broker to make sure the message is consumed. In the message, we can send any format of a message. The producer will serialize the message into a binary stream. And, the consumer manages an offset of the topic so that it consumes one message per try. In the message, a key or even without a key is possible. If there's no key in the message then the key value will be assigned randomly. We need to make a concrete protocol between producer and consumer since both bodies are responsible for serializing and deserializing the message. The broker in Kafka does care about many things including log management, receive messages and store, the life cycle of topics, subscription management, and listen on a specific port. 

[The best source to understand core concept of Kafka](https://www.gentlydownthe.stream/)

# Reading 
Start reading "Be obsessed or be average". There's friction for every new thing. The obsession makes a breakthrough on the very new stuff. When I try to create a new program, there should be some friction. "How to build it?", "Where I should go?", "I do not know how to start." These kinds of things are frictions. How to overcome it? Perhaps, no way. Have patience and start to do it little by little. 